RUBIO: ...For example, you're only person
on this stage that has ever been fined for
hiring people to work on your projects illegally.
You hired some workers from Poland...
TRUMP: No, no, I'm the only one on the stage
that's hired people.
You haven't hired anybody.
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: In fact, some of the people...
(CROSSTALK)
TRUMP: And by the way, I've hired -- and by
the way, I've hired tens of thousands of people
over at my job.
You've hired nobody.
RUBIO: Yes, you've hired a thousand people
from another country...
TRUMP: You've had nothing but problems with
your credit cards, et cetera.
So don't tell me about that.
RUBIO: Let me just say -- let me finish the
statement.
This is important.
TRUMP: You haven't hired one person in your
life.
RUBIO: He hired workers from Poland.
And he had to pay a million dollars or so
in a judgment from...
TRUMP: That's wrong.
That's wrong.
Totally wrong.
RUBIO: That's a fact.
People can look it up.
I'm sure people are Googling it right now.
Look it up.
"Trump Polish workers," you'll see a million
dollars for hiring illegal workers on one
of his projects.
He did it.
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: That happened.
TRUMP: I've hired tens of thousands of people
over my lifetime.
Tens of thousands...
RUBIO: Many from other countries instead of
hiring Americans.
TRUMP: Be quiet.
Just be quiet.
(APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: Let me talk.
I've hired tens of thousands of people.
He brings up something from 30 years ago,
it worked out very well.
Everybody was happy.
RUBIO: You paid a million dollars.
TRUMP: And by the way, the laws were totally
different.
That was a whole different world.
BLITZER: Thank you.
TRUMP: But I've hired people.
Nobody up here has hired anybody.
BLITZER: Senator Cruz.
RUBIO: If he builds the wall the way he built
Trump Towers, he'll be using illegal immigrant
labor to do it.
The second...
(APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: Such a cute sound bite.
RUBIO: But it -- no, it's not a sound bite.
It's a fact.
Again, go online and Google it.
Donald Trump, Polish workers.
You'll see it.
The second thing, about the trade war -- I
don't understand, because your ties and the
clothes you make is made in Mexico and in
China.
So you're gonna be starting a trade war against
your own ties and your own suits.
TRUMP: All right, you know what?
RUBIO: Why don't you make them in America?
TRUMP: Because they devalue their currency
-- they devalue their currencies...
RUBIO: Well, then make them in America.
TRUMP: ... that makes it -- well, you don't
know a thing about business.
You lose on everything...
RUBIO: Well, make them in America.
TRUMP: But you wouldn't know anything about
it because you're a lousy businessman.
RUBIO: Well, I don't know anything about bankrupting
four companies.
You've bankrupted four companies.
TRUMP: No, I -- and you know why?
You know why?
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: I don't know anything about...
TRUMP: You know why?
RUBIO: ... starting a university, and that
was a fake university.
BLITZER: One at a time.
TRUMP: First of all...
TRUMP: ... first of all, that's called a...
RUBIO: There are people who borrowed $36,000...
BLITZER: Hold on.
One at a time, Mr. Trump.
RUBIO: ... to go to Trump University, and
they're suing him now -- $36,000 to go to
a university...
TRUMP: And by the way -- and by the way...
RUBIO: ... that's a fake school.
TRUMP: ... and by the way...
RUBIO: And you know what they got?
They got to take a picture with a cardboard
cutout of Donald Trump...
TRUMP: ... I've won most of the lawsuits.
RUBIO: That's what they got for $36,000.
BLITZER: All right, I want to move on.
TRUMP: And they actually did a very good job,
but I've won most of the lawsuits.
BLITZER: Mr. Trump, Senator, I want to bring
in...
RUBIO: Most of the lawsuits.
BLITZER: ... I want to bring in my colleague
Maria Celeste.
TRUMP: Excuse me.
Hey Wolf, let me ask you.
Am I allowed to respond to this?
BLITZER: You're allowed -- you've been responding.
TRUMP: OK.
Well let -- no, I haven't.
I really haven't.
(LAUGHTER)
RUBIO: He's talked through the whole thing.
(APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: Here's a guy -- here's a guy that buys
a house for $179,000, he sells it to a lobbyist
who's probably here for $380,000 and then
legislation is passed.
You tell me about this guy.
This is what we're going to have as president.
RUBIO: Here's a guy that inherited $200 million.
If he hadn't inherited $200 million, you know
where Donald Trump would be right now?
TRUMP: No, no, no.
RUBIO: Selling watches in Manhattan.
(APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: (Inaudible) I took...
RUBIO: That's where he would be.
TRUMP: That is so wrong.
We'll work on that.
I took $1 million and I turned into $10 billion.
RUBIO: Oh, OK.
One million.
TRUMP: I borrowed $1 million...
RUBIO: Then release your tax returns so we
can see how much money he made.
TRUMP: I borrowed $1 million, I turned it
into $10 billion...
RUBIO: Oh, he doesn't make that money.
TRUMP: ... more than $10 billion.
RUBIO: ...As soon as I step foot into the
Oval Office.
TRUMP: I have to say, he lied this time.
He lied.
100 percent.
RUBIO: You lied about the Polish workers.
TRUMP: Yes, yes, yes.
38 years ago.
RUBIO: You lied to the students at Trump University.
ARRASAS: Let Senator Cruz jump in.
RUBIO: Oh, he lied 38 years ago.
All right, I guess there's a statute of limitation
on lies.
(LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: Here’s what you didn't hear in that
answer, and this is important guys, this is
an important thing.
What is your plan?
I understand the lines around the state, whatever
that means.
This is not a game where you draw maps...
TRUMP: ... And, you don't know what it means...
RUBIO: ... What is your plan?
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: What is your plan on healthcare?
TRUMP: You don't know.
BASH: (inaudible)
TRUMP: ... The biggest problem...
(CROSSTALK)
RUBIO: ... What's your plan...
TRUMP: ... The biggest problem, I'll have
you know...
RUBIO: ... What's your plan...
TRUMP: ... You know, I watched him meltdown
two weeks ago with Chris Christie.
I got to tell you, the biggest problem he's
got is he really doesn't know about the lines.
The biggest thing we've got, and the reason
we've got no competition, is because we have
lines around the state, and you have essentially
monopolies in this country…
RUBIO: ... We already mentioned that (inaudible)
plan, I know what that is, but what else is
part of your plan...
TRUMP: ... You don't know much...
RUBIO: ... So, you're only thing is to get
rid of the lines around the states.
What else is part of your healthcare plan...
TRUMP: ... The lines around the states...
RUBIO: ... That's your only plan...
TRUMP: ... and, it was almost done -- not
now...
RUBIO: ... Alright, (inaudible)...
TRUMP: ... Excuse me.
Excuse me.
RUBIO: ... His plan.
That was the plan...
TRUMP: ... You get rid of the lines, it brings
in competition.
So, instead of having one insurance company
taking care of New York, or Texas, you'll
have many.
They'll compete, and it'll be a beautiful
thing.
RUBIO: Alright...
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: So, that's the only part of the plan?
Just the lines?
BASH: (inaudible)
TRUMP: The nice part of the plan -- you'll
have many different plans.
You'll have competition, you'll have so many
different plans.
RUBIO: Now he's repeating himself.
TRUMP: No, no, no.
(LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE) (CHEERING)
TRUMP: I don’t repeat myself.
I don’t repeat myself.
RUBIO: You don’t repeat yourself?
(CHEERING)
TRUMP: Here’s the guy who repeats himself,
I don’t repeat myself.
RUBIO: You repeat yourself everyday.
TRUMP: I watched him - talking about repeating
- I watched him repeat himself five times
four weeks ago...
RUBIO: ... I just saw you repeat yourself
five times five seconds ago...
(LOUD APPLAUSE & CHEERING)
TRUMP: I watched him meltdown on the stage
like that, I've never seen it in anybody...
BASH: ... Let's stay focused on the subject...
TRUMP: ... I thought he came out of the swimming
pool...
RUBIO: ... I see him repeat himself every
night, he says five things, everyone's dumb,
he's gonna make America great again...
BASH: ... Senator Rubio...
RUBIO: ... We're going to win, win win, he's
winning in the polls...
BASH: ... Senator Rubio, please.
RUBIO: ... And the lines around the states.
(APPLAUSE)
RUBIO: ... Every night.
Same thing.
BASH: Senator Rubio.
(CHEERING)
UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I tell the truth, I tell
the truth.
BASH: Senator Rubio, you will have time to
respond if you would just let Mr. Trump respond
to what you've just posed to him...
RUBIO: ... Yeah, he's going to give us his
plan now, right?
OK...
BASH: ... If you could talk a little bit more
about your plan.
I know you talked about...
TRUMP: ...No, no, we're going to have many
different plans because...
BASH: ... Can you be a little specific...
TRUMP: ... competition...
RUBIO: ... He's done it again.
(CHEERING) (APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: There is going to be competition among
all of the states, and the insurance companies.
They're going to have many, many different
plans.
BASH: Is there anything else you would like
to add to that...
TRUMP: No, there's nothing to add.
What’s to add?
(CHEERING) (APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: What is to add?
BASH: Thank you.
TRUMP: In all fairness, Marco is not a negotiator.
I watched him melt down and I'll tell you,
it was one of the saddest things I've ever
seen.
He's not going down -- excuse me...
RUBIO: He thinks a Palestinian is a real estate
deal.
TRUMP: ... wait a minute, and these people
may even be tougher than Chris Christie.
OK?
RUBIO: The Palestinians are not a real estate
deal, Donald.
TRUMP: OK, no, no, no -- a deal is a deal.
Let me tell you that.
I learned a long time ago.
RUBIO: A deal is not a deal when you're dealing
with terrorists.
Have you ever negotiated with terrorists?
TRUMP: You are not a negotiator.
You are not a negotiator.
(APPLAUSE)
TRUMP: And, with your thinking, you will never
bring peace.
You will never bring peace...
RUBIO: ... Donald, might be able to build
condos in the Palestinian areas, but it's
not a real estate deal...
TRUMP: ... Excuse me, I want to be able to
bring peace...
BLITZER: ... Senator.
TRUMP: He will never be able to do it.
I think I may be able to do it, although I
will say this.
Probably the toughest deal of any kind is
that particular deal.
CRUZ: ...You've been funding liberal Democratic
politicians.
And by the way...
TRUMP: I funded you.
I funded him.
Can you believe it?
(APPLAUSE)
CRUZ: ... the reason is -- you're welcome
to have the check back.
TRUMP: I funded this guy.
I gave him a check.
CRUZ: Yeah, you gave me $5,000.
TRUMP: I gave him a check.
RUBIO: He never funded me.
CRUZ: And -- and by the way, let's be clear.
(APPLAUSE)
Donald claims -- Donald claims to care about...
TRUMP: You know why?
I didn't want to, but he sent me his book
with his autograph...
(CROSSTALK)
CRUZ: Donald.
Donald.
I understand rules are very hard for you.
They're very confusing.
TRUMP: Mr. Trump, you're doing a great job.
I have his book.
RUBIO: Yeah on a reality TV show not in politics,
er, in public service.
(CROSSTALK)
TRUMP: Thank you -- thank you for the book.
Go ahead.